Sister Shen Ye
I didn't stop you, go out first
Why are you here?
Archie
I missed you every day when I was abroad
I'll pick you up as soon as I return home in April.
Go out if you have nothing to do
You are not allowed to enter my office without my consent in the future
Angie, please stop kidding me.
I won't leave this time when I come back.
I will always be with you, okay? I don't need it.
Archie, if you don't leave, I'll find someone to carry you away.
Shen Yan, your fiancee
Miss Su is coming for you
Send him in.
Fiancee Ajie
How could you be a fiancee?
Who are you? Stay away from Shen Xiujing
Are you Miss Su?
I am Ah Jin's childhood sweetheart
My name is Ye Zhen
Miss Ye, you have been hit by five grains
If not dealt with ASAP
Death penalty in three days
Miss Su, you cursed me to death the first time you met me
Is it too much?
Sister, did you hear what he said?
He said you hit the grain
What drum or not?
You even believe in this kind of quack
Miss Ye, I advise you to go back quickly
Don't stain your demonic aura on Mr. Shen
It's not too late for you to go back and prepare for the funeral now
You dare to kill me
You wait for me.
Why are you jealous?
Am I just worried about your safety?
Not thin if you want me to be a job lady
shut up